So back in code we started with throwing in some views here and of course right now this won't work.
This will just break or it will not render anything meaningful to the screen in that first nested view
here in this block.
I went to have a text and put an A BUTTON conveniently both as provided by rec native.
We have a text input here and we also have a button component so we can import both text input which
allows the user to enter text and button and then here in that view it at first nested if you will add
a text input as a self closing tag because there is nothing we could pass between opening and closing
tax and for the button.
You could think that you use a button like this but actually that's not how does React Native button
works.
Instead it's a self closing button and you set a title property to define which text to render dear.
And here we could say at now we have a text input and a button there.
And if we save this and there's reloads we see the button here but we don't see the text input right.
So that's not working as intended.
The reason for that is actually that the text input will be hidden here be below the status bar.
So now is the time where we should get started with adding some layout some structure to this page because
just adding components alone won't do the trick.
A week native app is all about using components and then adding the right layout to right structure
to your components so here for example it would make sense to add some general padding around dead views
on this top view padding basically as some distance from the border of that view which is basically
the device frame in our case here.
Since I'm talking about the topmost view to the content of the view so some spacing between the borders
of the topmost of the surrounding view and the content in the view and for Dad we can add the style
property here on The View.
Most components in React Native support to style property the view does and there you use this dynamic
content binding here which you know from normal react to with the single curly braces and style expects
a javascript object now so we add another pair of curly braces here and now common mistake is that you
think this is a special syntax which requires double curly braces.
Indeed it's the normal react syntax with similarly curly braces where then the dynamic value you're
passing to style just happens to be a javascript object.
Hence we have a number of pair of curly braces and in this object you can now have key value pairs where
the keys are your style property names and the values are well the values for these style properties
and these style property names are influenced by CSX.
So here what you can do is you can add padding that exists and React Native as well and a comprehensive
list of supported style properties can always be found by going to the component you're using like the
view here and then by clicking on the style property in here if you click on View stalls you'll see
a list of all provided properties which you can use and you'll see some special properties void of view
here and then some general props like layout props and there you would find the padding for example.
So that's how you can find out what supported but you'll also see many examples throughout this course.
So you're at padding and the value now can just be a number which will be device independent pixels
so a pixel value which always looks good know battered which device size you have.
So here we could add 10 and if we do that now we see the button is a bit further down.
Maybe let's add 30 years so that we can see a bigger difference.
And now it's working and now if you tap above the button you don't really see an input here.
But you see that my soft keyboard opened up on Android on I guess it doesn't open by default.
But there also you can tap here.
And if you were to tap off enough or if you go to hardware that keyboard toggle software keyboard it
should open up there as well.
So here we all have an input.
So now we can see that input because now it's not behind that status bar anymore.
So adding that padding probably made sense because now we made sure that our layout is inside of our
screen here.
Now there are other tools for making sure we have enough Peti here as well.
But for now let's manually set the padding and let's maybe said to a value of 30.
So we were getting started with the layout.
Now let's go back to this component and let's make sure we can see something.
We can see that there is a text input and we don't just have to guess it.
For this we can go to the text input in there for example at the place holder prop and justice before
to find out what you can set.
You can always go to the official box in this case to the text input docs and there you find a description
how to use it and some examples.
But if you scroll down you'll also find all the props you can set in there for example you find out
that you can set a place holder prop which is that dummy text that is shown before the user entered
some text.
So here dad takes a string and here we could enter course gold because you should be able to set your
course goal here.
And if you do that you see both on Android and on ISIS.
There is this coarse gold text.
Now it still could be a bit better.
Could be a bit clearer that there is a text input and therefore here all at a style and number inline
style.
And here I'll set up border bottom color of black black now is a string such color shortcuts are supported
in React Native and a comprehensive list of all the way lable colors is attached to this lecture here
and I can also see that a border bottom width of let's say 1 and what this does is it should set a bottom
border on this input so that now if you go back we have to add underlining here we can clearly see it
on ISIS and since there still is not that much space on ISIS let me actually wrap up this padding up
here to 50 maybe yeah that looks better.
So now we have that border blower input and that makes it clear that there is an input here.
Of course you're not restricted to only setting a border on the bottom.
You could also just set a general border.
But leaving out bottom here a border color and a border with.
And if you did that then this would be surrounded by a border.
Now one important note regarding these style names here is style property names you'll of course see
that its border with border color written like this in normal CSX you wouldn't have border dash color
and that would apply the border color but Dad would be an invalid property name in JavaScript which
is why this is not supported.
No actually valid property name in JavaScript would be if you wrap this in quotes though.
But even that is not supported in react native so these alternative sin taxes for example this syntax
would work in javascript if you apply some style to a Web HD him element these syntax are not supported
and react native though they are you really have to use this camel case syntax where you for example
write border color like this or insured you have to use the property names you also find in the official
docs there are no alternative names for these style properties and we could now also add a pattern here
of let's say 10 so that we have some spacing between the border and the actual part where we enter something
and I'd say this already looks way better and we can clearly see that we here have an input where users
can enter something.